python 
////// Python language fundamentals:
It's a loosely typed object oriented multithreaded language 
value assignments :
<variable name> = <value>
integer
string 
float
boolean
None 
In python 3 there is no limit for the integer
Collection types in python: 
lists
dictionary
set 
tuples
defaultdict : you can assign a default value for keys that are not defined in the dictionary.
set : 
set.discard() :- doesn't give an error when the value is not present in the set 
Bitwise :
not operator :- # ~1 = 0

Operator presedence: 
PEMDAS : paranthesis, exponent, multiplication, division, addition, suntraction.
global foo:

foo = 1
def func():
    global foo # creating foo global changes the global value of foo too. 
    foo = 2
func() # you would have to call the function 
     
print("True") if True else print("False")
List comprehension:
comprehensions are syntactic constructs that are used to generate lists from other lists by applying function to each element in the list.
Generator comprehension:
it creates a generator object that cannot be indexed it will only be used after using another function.
range returns a list where xrange returns a generator object.
Decorators:
are keywords that can be associated with a fuction to
alter the functionality of a function without having to change the code of the decorated function.
Static methods:
these methods are not associated with the class. self doesn't have to be mentioned. static methods are delivered with class but aren't necesaarialy associated with it.
Generators:
are the functions that returns an iterator to a single value or multiple value using yield.
Flask:
minimalistic 
less code 
easier
Django:
a lot of plugins
orm support
builtin dashboard
I am Kunal verma. I live in kanpur, I have completed my bachelor's in computer science from PSIT KANPUR. I have a interest in working with backend side of things. I have worked as a freelance web developer for a chemical firm called disha chemicals.
I have been learning python since my first year college. It was also the first languagae I learned.
and I have been applying to turing for more than a year now and it also came to my college but i didn't see the job post util the deadline had passed.
but then I got this email and that made me very happy.

Machine learning
AI 
LLMs
Frameworks
Tkinter
Python Development
Python projects
Data science
Data analysis
Python project 
Book if i get time
Github